== RAILS TEXTING INTERFACE ROADMAP

BUGS: June 26th 2015	

	- In progress -

	*** CRITICAL: Delayed_jobs currently sends out multiple texts for one scheduled. This MUST be fixed before betaing out to limited testing.

	** CRITICAL: Make sure button to trigger schedule is manual and TRIGGERED by SMS button in edit Tasks page.
	The button will POST and execute scheduled_sending_text model method. Inside this method is the actual SMS body (message) and array of phones from the Task's assigned recipients. 

	** CRITICAL: If Delayed_jobs_id has ALREADY been assigned to a task, do NOT include START button. Put an IF statement, if delayed_job_id, exists, put CANCEL button, ELSE put BEGIN TIMER (to execute scheduling) to give it a brand new delayed jobs ID.

	- Queued -
	* CRITICAL: MAKING SURE users only can access their own pages***

	* PRIORITY: After adding RECIPIENTS to task, DOES NOT REDIRECT back users view page





FEATURES: June 26th 2015

	- In progress -
	* MILESTONE: Adding ability text on a delayed schedule. (hours per days, 24 hour intervals)

	- Queued -
	* MILESTONE: Send task recipients a SMS notifying that User (with a "name that your friends call you by") has pledged a new task. The message will notify user that she will only receive a message if the User fails a day of the goal and (hopefully/jokingly) a task end goal count (ie: 4/5 completed) and a "buy your friend a beer" completion message. 

	* MILESTONE: Users cannot modify tasks once set. Users can only cancel it and start a new task. Recipients for canceled know will immediately know through SMS if User canceled task.

	* MILESTONE: SMS blackout period from 12AM to 7AM. Delayed queueing jobs if it falls between that period to be all send out starting 7AM. 

	* MILESTONE: Users should keep Tasks SMALL. Tasks can be grouped together to form PROJECTS. Projects have task completed add to a total PROJECT completed. 


IMPLIMENTED: 

	DONE* MILESTONE: Adding ability to send text messages to recipient phones. 
